# Nodemon-telegram - telegram bot for `nodemon` monitoring service

## Options / Configuration parameters

Any option can be set in a CLI parameter or environment variable form. The CLI form has higher priority than
the environment variable form.
To set an option as a CLI parameter use _**kebab-case**_ option name.
To do the same as environment variable form use _**UPPER_SNAKE_CASE**_ option name.

### List of supported options in kebab-case form

- _-behavior_ (string) — Behavior is either webhook or polling (default "webhook"). Communication used between
  Telegarm and the bot
- _-delete-webhook_ (bool) — Deletes existing webhook if it exists.
- _-bind_ (string) — Local network address to bind the HTTP API of the service on.
- _-development_ (bool) — Development mode. It is used for zap logger.
- _-log-level_ (string) — Logging level. Supported levels: DEBUG, INFO, WARN, ERROR, FATAL. Default logging level
  INFO. (default "INFO")
- _-nano-msg-pair-telegram-url_ (string) — Nanomsg IPC URL for pair socket (default "ipc:
  ///tmp/nano-msg-nodemon-pair.ipc"). Used for communication between the monitoring and bot services.
- _-nano-msg-pubsub-url_ (string) — Nanomsg IPC URL for pubsub socket (default "ipc:
  ///tmp/telegram/nano-msg-nodemon-pubsub.ipc"). Used by the bot to subscribe to alerts generated by
  the monitoring service.
- _-public-url_ (string) — The public url (**for webhook only**) for Telegram to send events to the bot service.
- _-telegram-chat-id_ (int) — Telegram chat ID to send alerts through a specific chat.
- _-tg-bot-token_ (string) — The secret token used to authenticate the bot in Telegram.
- _-webhook-local-address_ (string) — The port (**for webhook only**) used for the webhook internal server (default ":
  8081")

## Build requirements

- `Make` utility
- `Golang` toolchain

## Docker

To build docker image for this service execute these commands from **the root** of **the project**:

```shell
  docker build -t nodemon-telegram -f ./Dockerfile-nodemon-telegram .
```
